hey people john here from fast films and
today we're going through a 2017 horror
thriller movie called leather face
the movie starts with a family
celebrating a kid called jackson's
birthday his mother brings a cake to the
table as everyone sings happy birthday
he blows on the cake and makes a wish
just as he does his older brother
drayton leaps up and ravenously cuts
into the cake but his mother asks him to
be polite and offer some to their guest
everyone looks to the side to see a man
tied to a chair and gagged the man
insists that he isn't a thief and he
didn't steal their pig but no one
believes him
jackson's mom verna asks drayton to get
jackson's present he brings him a
chainsaw and they cheer for jackson to
kill the thief with it
jackson is hesitant drayton pushes him
which results in him cutting the thief's
leg on accident he tries again but fails
his mom tells him he disappointed them
but explains that family is there for
each other as drayton kills the thief by
a blow to the head using a hammer
in the next scene two teenagers are
driving down the road
they start kissing and get distracted as
a result they almost hit something on
the road betty gets off to see what it
is a kid pops out of a pig's corpse with
the pig's head on his
betty asks if he needs help and he runs
away into the fields after asking for
her help
she runs after him and reaches a barn
she stops in the middle and falls into a
pit this injures her and she realizes
that it was a trap jackson removes the
pig head from his head as drayton tells
jackson that he did a good job
he pulls on a lever on the side of the
barn a heavy generator is held up in the
air by chains he signals nubbin to drop
it on betty and he does killing her as
jackson watches a police officer rushes
to the crime scene where some of his
colleagues are already present he is
betty's father and is livid betty's
boyfriend is crying saying that he
couldn't make it on time the officers
have dayton held up he was the one to
report a body verna arrives on the scene
and demands the officers to let her sons
go at once
she reminds them that they have no proof
the officer hal walks up to her and
tells her that he'll take all her kids
away for child endangerment since they
are always involved in some kind of
crime
jackson watches the ordeal from the
police car we're taken 10 years ahead dr
lang at the gorman house is explaining
the history of the place to a new nurse
as they walk down the hall
he tells her about the texas endangered
child protection program and about the
kids being psychologically damaged the
nurse is excited to help at this
facility and introduces herself as
lizzie
the doctor still refers to her as
elizabeth and tells her that it is good
for everyone if these kids stay in there
she walks into a room full of young
adults she sits across one of them and
starts talking but he doesn't reply
jackson interrupts to tell her that the
other guy is called bud and he doesn't
speak much
he introduces himself to her she asks
them about their medication but jackson
responds that they don't take any she
asks if he'll be a problem for her he
says he wouldn't as they are talking two
older guys get in a fight lizzie tries
to break it up but gets caught the
middle and barely gets out of it when
the guard rushes in
in the bathroom lizzie is freshening up
when she hears a noise from one of the
bathroom stalls
she finds a girl trying to feed another
one a mouse she helps her get away and
tells the bully not to smoke lizzie
warns her as she gets out of there dr
lang isn't happy about the fight jackson
and lizzie tell him that it wasn't bud's
fault dr lang is angry and tells him
that budd bludgeoned someone to death
because they stole his dog
after that lizzie walks out into the
hallway while looking at bud's file it
says that he has bipolar disorder she
turns around and gets startled by
jackson he apologizes and thanks to her
for helping bud he tells her about dr
lang's ect chamber of horrors and asks
her to take a look into it she assures
him that he'll get out one day as he
walks away
verna arrives at dr lang's office with a
lawyer in a court order to see jackson
who she used to call jed
dr lang dances around the topic and says
they have a lot of kids and they have
new names as well so they are hard to
recognize
verna calls [ __ ] on him as he calls
her a hillbilly even though she married
someone rich
she walks out of his office at night she
breaks into the facility and demands to
see jackson in the meantime bud is being
tortured as isaac watches in dr lang's
tcs lab
lizzie hears them during her rounds at
night as she is about to lock up the
room where the kids sleep verna smacks
her across the face and steals her keys
lizzie tries to stop her and goes to
complain to dr lane
she walks in on dr lang giving electric
shocks to bud he hears verna screaming
outside and heads out of the room the
kids are starting to break free and bud
has a bipolar episode where he starts
bludgeoning people lizzie and another
nurse run to hide in the basement as dr
lang and the staff get rid of verna
meanwhile the kids have broken free
clarice and her boyfriend start making
love on the stairs as the kids wreak
havoc
dr lang calls authorities for help from
his office bud shows up there the doctor
tries to hit him but bud kills him by
smashing his head repeatedly in a glass
window
some kids find the nurses and cut one's
tongue out jackson comes to the rescue
and takes lizzy with her but clarice and
her boyfriend ike take them hostage and
drive out of gorman in dr lang's car a
little far away they stop to change
clothes
lizzie tries to escape but clarice gets
her back ike warns the group not to try
and escape again he tells bud jackson
and lizzy that they'll go to the mexican
border with his mother and can part ways
after that he makes lizzie change her
clothes on the street as they agree on
the plan
at the institute officer hal and the
sheriff's department are looking into
the doctor's murder hal puts everyone on
high alert and asks for the escapees
files
the kids are headed towards mexico while
verna's lawyer calls her to tell her
that jackson has escaped out in the
field an officer reports to hal that
they have found lang's car he orders
them to shoot the kids at night and
drives off the kids reach a diner and
decide to head in for food
lizzie and jackson sit at a separate
table for mike and clarice
jackson wishes that his circumstances
were different a man looks suspiciously
at clarice from the counter and ike
tells him off
clarice notices that the man sitting at
the table behind her has a gun
she breaks a glass and tells the
waitress they have no money ike gets up
and has her at knifepoint while clarice
stabs the man behind her and takes his
gun
they start shooting people up and take
their car keys and money
lizzie tries to run but bud grabs her as
they are leaving ike blows the
waitress's brains out with a shotgun
the man from the counter shoots bud with
his pistol but the group manages to
escape the cops reach the diner and the
man from the counter tells them that the
kids escaped and afford
the kids find an abandoned trailer
jackson opens the door and urges lizzie
to go in first he tells her that they'll
stay there for the night he gets close
to her and she takes a step back the
rotten wood boards break beneath her
floor and she stumbles onto a dead body
in the bathtub
clarice and ike laugh at the body
clarice sits down and jackson helps her
tend to bud's bullet wound while ike
finds some moonshine on a shelf
at night lizzy is sitting on the floor
jackson offers her the moonshine and she
accepts meanwhile clarice and ike are
having a threesome inside with the dead
body
the front of her upper half body is
burnt ike comes to get the moonshine and
lizzie warns him that it'll worsen his
condition
ike tells jackson that she's read all
their files but she swears that she only
read their medical ones
jackson believes her and claims not to
care either way as jackson storms off
with the moonshine
jackson wakes up bud for his turn to
keep watch over them
at night lizzy hears a noise and wakes
up she sees a shadow outside and goes
out to investigate ike leaps at her and
accuses her of trying to escape jackson
comes to her rescue and starts beating
ike up he tells lizzie to run but
clarice shows up with the shotgun
ike insists on sticking to the original
program he calls bud stupid and heads
over to the tree to urinate
bud shows up behind him and he hits him
with something bud drags him to the
field and forces his face on a giant
rock with his feet and kills him
in the morning the other three are
looking for ike and bud
lizzy suggests they run but jackson
wants to help bud jackson and lizzy find
bud sleeping on ike's blood-soaked
corpse in the field
clarice is still looking for him with a
shotgun and a police officer finds her
hal shows up with more officers as they
ask her about her partner
hal tortures clarice to get more
information she spits in his face and
runs clarice yells to warn the others
and hal shoots her lizzie says they
should get help from the police but
jackson warns her that he is corrupt and
biased
hal drags clarice to the trailer and she
starts laughing at him and calling him a
sad old man who is still crying for his
dead daughter
this drives hal over the edge and he
shoots her dead deputy sorrels calls him
out for being cruel they start shooting
the trailer while the kids watch from a
distance and eventually run away the
police only find the rotten old dead
body inside the trailer and head out to
find the remaining kids
jackson and bud run after a distressed
lizzie they hear police dogs as they
find a dead deer they hide in the dead
body and dodge the officers after the
officers leave they get out and start
walking again
lizzy sits down at a stream and vomits
everyone washes up at the stream and
moves along lizzy sees a police car
crossing a bridge above them and calls
out to it the officer calls for backup
bud attacks the officer and he shoots
bud in the head jackson loses his mind
and kills the cop in a fit of rage
lizzie gets in the driver's seat and
they start to drive jackson is mad with
rage and is banging on the dashboard and
is yelling at lizzy some cop cars start
firing at them from the back a bullet
pierces the lower half of jackson's face
leaving it disfigured the car flips over
the side of the road and everything goes
dark when lizzie wakes up it's dark
outside the officer tries to contact hal
over the radio inside the flipped car
lizzie responds and tells them that she
is stuck and needs help she tells
sorrells that she was kidnapped he
assures her that he is on the way as he
hangs up hal drags lizzie out to a barn
in the field he has jackson tied up and
hanging from a chain he tells her that
he won't let them go recalling that
jackson helped kill his daughter in this
barn ten years ago
hal exclaims that the fun is just about
to begin sorel heads over to verna to
tell her that hal has got his son held
up somewhere in a barn he asks her about
their arrangement she remembers and
gives him money as he is about to leave
drayton stabs him and feeds him to the
pigs verna instructs drayton to come
with her and get jackson from the old
barn
he wonders if he still remembers them
verna arrives at the old barn hal holds
her at gunpoint and tells her that her
son is already dead as he points to the
pit below them he asks her where all the
other sires are verna's sons sneak up on
him and knock him out verna calls out
for jed in the pit he removes the rag
over his head to reveal a deformed and
torn lower jaw
verna gets him out of the barn she
stitches his wounds up back at the house
she gives him a harness to wear on his
face to keep it in place
lizzy is still at the barn with hal hal
is injured on the floor and begs lizzy
to kill him saying that he's sorry she
takes him inside the house it's
decorated with odd bones and candles
they hear verna and nubbin in the
kitchen and hide verna yells from the
barn that they escaped nubbin runs out
and lizzy and hal see a chance to run
the family tricks them and gets a hold
of both of them they restrain them in
the kitchen as verna calls for jed jed
limps his way inside the lounge with a
chainsaw he approached hal on a chair
his mother encourages him to take
revenge for what he did to his face
jed saws both of hal's hands off and
then aims straight for the heart as
lizzy begs him to stop she breaks free
from nubbins and runs out into the
fields verna sends her sons after him
and they happily oblige lizzie is
running in the fields but jed finds her
she tries to escape but her leg gets
caught in an animal trap
she pleads with jed to let her go she
tells him it's not too late to run away
with her
verna shows up and makes jed believe
that she is lying to him
jed blows lizzy's head off with the
chainsaw and verna tells him that she is
proud of him
in the next scene jed's family is going
about their business in the house the
brothers are feeding the pigs and verna
is doing housework jed is sitting on a
desk and has sewn up a face mask made of
human skin
it is the iconic leather face mask he
puts it on his face and tightens the
drawstring he looks at himself in the
mirror and bangs on the table
this is where the movie ends thanks for
watching guys